chore!: Align Coerece Methods (#3431)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/small-lions-boil.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator': major
---

> [Compatibility Note] The types for paths in the `GeneratorOptions` are changed from `fs.PathLike` to `string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatibility Note] The type for paths in the `GeneratorOptions` is changed from `fs.PathLike` to `string`.
```
